### MVP

- Minimum Viable Product
- what is the minimum feature set that a user will find useful

- Minimum Viable Demo (MVD)
- what features can we effectively show off in 5 minutes

## Warnings & Tips

- Do not edit the `layout.css` file directly, it is auto-generated by `layout.scss`.
- Split routes into their own resource-based file names, as demonstrated with `users.js` and `widgets.js`.
- Split database schema (table definitions) and seeds (inserts) into separate files, one per table. See `db` folder for pre-populated examples.
- Use helper functions to run your SQL queries and clean up any data coming back from the database. See `db/queries` for pre-populated examples.
- Use the `npm run db:reset` command each time there is a change to the database schema or seeds.
  - It runs through each of the files, in order, and executes them against the database.
  - Note: you will lose all newly created (test) data each time this is run, since the schema files will tend to `DROP` the tables and recreate them.

## Tasks

- Divided by pages and components.

  - Framework/ mockup design (EK)
  - Homepage (EK)
  - Single Item page (EK)
  - Add Item (AK)
  - Favourites page (AK)
  - Sign up /Login \* (NM)
  - Message page (NM)
  - Nav bar (NM)

## Workflow

&rarr; make queries for the pages you are assigned on<br />
&rarr; create routes<br />
&rarr; test the routes (using by postman)<br />
&rarr; connect the routes to the server<br />
&rarr; EJS views<br />
&rarr; frontend<br />
<br />

## Deadlines<br />

&rarr; backend by Monday<br />
&rarr; frontend by Wednesday<br />
&rarr; Thursday, connect everything<br />
&rarr; Friday, extra day to check everything and prepare for the presentation
